README.md, before:

# mp3 manager "Project Wurlitzer"
A DotNetCore Winform app used to catalogue and edit the MP3 collection in your Music folders.

This app's delivers these features
1. A way to catalogue all the MP3s the user has on their drive.
2. The ability to update - mass or individually - sets of songs. Imagine you've ripped a CD (hello 2002) and the metadata isn't included. This will have the ability to update or create MP3 tags.
3. A way to find duplicates. Over the years, files get copied, converted and duplicated all over the place. This will help in detecting duplicates.
4. A built-in webserver that launches a browser and makes the library playable via JSON and an embedded HTML5 Audio widget.
5. Playlist functionality that allows you to build, save and play lists of songs.

Future functionality
1. User-defined song metadata
2. Edit playlists and other minor tweaks.
3. Using this metadata to generate "smart" playlists
4. Integration with the Spotify API to pull in additional song metadata
4a. Ability to link to your own Spotify account and further integrate your library.
5. Just for fun, invoking a search engine and returning song/artist facts to an IFrame in the brower.

Commit message:

Expanded to allow multiple file types.

README.md, after:

# mp3 manager "Project Wurlitzer"
A DotNetCore Winform app used to catalogue and edit the media collection in your Music folders.

This app's delivers these features
1. A way to catalogue all the MP3s and other media files the user has on their drive.
2. The ability to update - mass or individually - sets of songs. Imagine you've ripped a CD (hello 2002) and the metadata isn't included. This will have the ability to update or create media file tags.
3. A way to find duplicates. Over the years, files get copied, converted and duplicated all over the place. This will help in detecting duplicates.
4. A built-in webserver that launches a browser and makes the library playable via JSON and an embedded HTML5 Audio widget.
5. Playlist functionality that allows you to build, save and play lists of songs.

Future functionality
1. User-defined song metadata
2. Edit playlists and other minor tweaks.
3. Using this metadata to generate "smart" playlists
4. Integration with the Spotify API to pull in additional song metadata
4a. Ability to link to your own Spotify account and further integrate your library.
5. Just for fun, invoking a search engine and returning song/artist facts to an IFrame in the brower.
